Nacho Libre: Spam Magnet
Published on February 22, 2009.
Maybe I’m on some kind of “spam roll” right now.
But after checking my spam bin in WordPress, I noticed that about 100% of my blogspam was directed towards an old post I made about Nacho Libre .
What makes the post a spam magnet, though?
I didn’t really stick anything in there that would potentially make it a spam target for spammers, did I?
Is it because I mentioned some lady that looks like Penelope Cruz (but isn’t)?
I closed the comments on the post.
My apologies to people who wanted to make a legit comment on the post but couldn’t.
Maybe you can just post your comment here instead.
Oh, crap. What if this post becomes the new Nacho Libre spam magnet post!?
I guess I’d have to close comments on this one and make a new one explaining it.
Then that new one would become the next spam magnet, and I would have to continue the process ad infinitum.
Hopefully that doesn’t happen.
Update, 4-27-09:
I noticed this post is getting lots of spam now, so I’m closing comments.
Geez, what is it with Nacho Libre and SPAM!?